[Autogenerated] let's go ahead and set up our S three buckets so we
can upload objects and store the Pizza images,
just like ec two, we're probably going to be accessing S3 a lot.
So click on the services menu and then click the
star next to S3 Once that's done,
go ahead and click on S3 in the favorite section we want to create
a new bucket to hold all of our pizza things so click on the
create bucket button in the bucket name field will need to enter a
unique name for our bucket.
All name mine Pizza lovers with a unique string on the end.
Yours will need to be different since they must be unique.
Next is the region where the bucket will be located.
You'll notice that the region menu option at the top of the
screen is now listing global in S3 you will be able to view all
buckets from any region simultaneously,
which is a little different than most other services.
That's why you see this region drop-down instead of it just
automatically being launched in the region you're currently in now we
have settings for the privacy of your bucket.
Aws is setting this bucket to be private by default but for our purposes this
bucket will be serving up assets to users through our web app so we need it to
be public uncheck this box next to block all public access so that we can add
public access to the bucket later,
then click this check box saying that you acknowledge the objects in the bucket.
Might be public now scroll to the bottom and click create bucket.
Now you'll see the S three bucket in the bucket list.
Once the bucket is created like this,
you can start uploading objects to it immediately but before we do that
I want us to configure permissions for the bucket,
click into the bucket and then click on the permissions tab.
These are bucket permissions which give access to view
the bucket's contents and make changes.
Each object also has its own permissions which give you more fine grain control.
However,
we will be allowing this bucket to be completely public so we want to
apply a single permissions policy to give anyone access to view every
object in this S3 bucket by doing this,
we won't have to give individual object permissions to every object.
We upload.
AWS already provides a really good tool to build policies.
Policies as you saw in the I am module are just Jason and they
can be a little tedious to create my hand.
That's why the AWS policy generator is so great.
Let's use the policy generator tool to give anyone
permissions to view objects in the bucket.
We just created under bucket policy,
click edit and then click the button for policy generator.
There are many different types of policies that this tool can generate,
so you may want to use it any time you need to generate a policy
Select S three bucket policy from the drop-down Now we can add
one or more statements to this policy but we'll only need to make
one for our purposes here.
The principal field is who should be able to access it.
If you wanted to give access to another AWS account you would enter the amazon
resource name for that account here we want to give access to everyone so enter
an asterisk here The next drop-down which is for services pre selected due to
the first drop-down we selected next we need to pick the action which is what
the principal can do in s3 select get object from the drop down since we want
them to be able to download and view images and assets and their browser for
the A R N.
We will have to build this ourselves.
There's an example below showing the format so following that my
A R N would be A RN colon AWS colon S3 colon colon colon pizza
dash lovers dash Ryan slash asterisk.
The ending slash asterisk is important because this
should apply to any object in my bucket,
the A.
R.
N.
That you should enter should have your bucket that you created.
We're done with this statement so click add statement now you can
add more statements but we're pretty much done.
So click generate policy and copy the JSON in the window that pops up,
we're going to use this with our bucket so go back to the S three bucket tab,
paste the policy JSON into the policy box then click save
changes With this public bucket policy in place,
I want to draw your attention to this public access alert from AWS.
There have been some recent high profile stories of data being leaked from
customers accounts because they mistakenly had an S.
three bucket configured to be public.
AWS made these changes to make it brutally obvious whenever a bucket is public.
Now, with this policy in place,
every object in this bucket will be publicly accessible, which is exactly what we want.